#LyX 2.4 created this file. For more info see https://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 620
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass amsart
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{algorithm}
\usepackage{algpseudocode}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
eqs-within-sections
figs-within-sections
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children no
\language american
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding auto
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_roman_osf false
\font_sans_osf false
\font_typewriter_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement class
\float_alignment class
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_formatted_ref 0
\use_minted 0
\use_lineno 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tablestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\change_bars false
\postpone_fragile_content true
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\docbook_table_output 0
\docbook_mathml_prefix 1
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Anodization process
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Making the acid
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
See 
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

### Citric acid making protocol
\end_layout

\end_inset

 in the 
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

protocols.md
\end_layout

\end_inset

 file.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
If tap water is used,
 reaction between the carbon in the water and the acid might build pressure.
 In the first time I put a sealed bottle on the shaker,
 it (probably) exploded and broke one of the holder arms.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Otherwise the acid should be completely safe,
 having a citric acid concentration less than one hundredth that of natural lemon,
 and no other ingredients.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Anodizing a wire
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
See 
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

### Anodization protocol
\end_layout

\end_inset

 in the 
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

protocols.md
\end_layout

\end_inset

 file.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The way I straightened the wires goes like this:
 take the wire roll,
 pull out the required length of tantalum with a fine spare.
 Fix the tail (either with a bench vise,
 a pliers pair or by another way),
 hold the head with a pliers pair and pull abruptly.
 Tantalum is (maybe exceptionally) malleable,
 so it will straighten smoothly.
 Note that the head might be torn,
 but usually what's left is long enough to use.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Electronics configuration
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Electronics of the capacitance sensing system is expected to follow the structure of fig.
 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "fig:Electronics-diagram"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"
nolink "false"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float figure
placement document
alignment document
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Electronics diagram
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "fig:Electronics-diagram"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
